Re-written Cumulocity Platform Introduction (#2466)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/concepts/concepts-introduction-bundle/equipment-data-integration.md

---
weight: 20
title: Equipment Data Integration
---

Many equipment integrations use gateway devices to collect and forward data from various units and fieldbus devices. These gateway are often connected to the different units and fieldbus devices of the equipment and responsible for collecting and forwarding relevant data to the IoT platform.

> 

Reviewer: "units"?

Author: Indeed, this sentence does sound a bit awkward. Do you like the following better:
Many equipment integrations use gateway devices to collect data. These gateway are often connected to the different sensors and fieldbus devices and are responsible for collecting and forwarding relevant data to the IoT platform.

Reviewer: yes- only "gateway" -> "gateways".

Author: Ups. Thanks!

To facilitate the data integration, {{< product-c8y-iot >}} comes with an [OPC UA](/protocol-integration/opcua/) integration and the [Cloud Fieldbus](/protocol-integration/cloud-fieldbus/) technology. These provide configuration-driven ways to easily integrate OPC UA-enabled equipment and prominent fieldbus protocols.

> In addition to this, many of our [partners' gateways](https://ecosystem.cumulocity.com/device-ecosystem/) bring their own software stack with support for many other protocols.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to this, many of our [partners' gateways](https://ecosystem.{{< domain-c8y >}}/device-ecosystem/) bring their own software stack with support for many other protocols.
```
